I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Bedtime Story
It is night time.
Daddy Pig is reading
Peppa and George a bedtime story.
And so the prince, the princess,
the buggy and the frog all lived happily ever after.
The end!
The bedtime story has sent Peppa and George to sleep.
Good night, my little piggies!
George's awake.
Dinosaur! Grrr…
George, you naughty piggy! Go back to sleep.
George is not sleepy.
George! Night time is for sleeping, not playing!
I can tell you a bedtime story.
Once upon a time, there was a little pig.
His name was George Pig.
And he was off to make his fortune.
Soon, he came to a forest.
Do you like the story, George?
Inside the forest was a little house.
And inside the house was a bowl of porridge.
George Pig was very hungry.
So he ate it all up. Yummy, yummy, yum.
But just as he finished, Baby Bear walked in,
and said, "Oy, did you eat my magic porridge?"
George said, "Yes!"
Baby Bear said, "that was magic porridge.
It will make you go very big."
And then George Pig began to grow.
He grew and he grew and he grew
until he was taller
than all of the trees in the forest.
The end.
Are you sleepy, George?
No.
Not even a little bit?
No!
OK, I'll do a bit more story.
Baby Bear said,
"there is a box of golden treasure
at the end of the world.
But it's too far for me to go
because I am too little."
George said, "I will carry you there."
So George Pig walked to the end of the world.
He walked and he walked and he walked.
Are you sleepy yet?
No.
He walked through forests,
then across mountains, across seas.
And are you sleepy yet?
No!
He walked all the way to the end of the world
and found a big box of golden treasure.
Woo!
And a big dragon!
Grr…
Yes! A big green dragon, with little wings,
and breezing fire. Roar!!!!
Luckily it was a very friendly dragon.
And he said, "you can have the treasure."
But then, George Pig began to shrink.
He shrank and he shrinked and he shrunk
until he was the same little George Pig
as he was before.
"How will we get back home now?" said Baby Bear.
"I can fly you home." said the dragon.
So George Pig and Baby Bear
hopped on the dragon's back
and flew all the way back home
to the little house in the forest.
And then it's the end.
George is asleep.
Peppa is asleep.
Peppa, what are you doing out of bed?
Night time is for sleeping, not playing.
Night-night, my little piggies.
Sweat dreams.
Peppa and George are in their little beds,
fast asleep.